booking-frontend/README.md, before:

### NOTES FOR DEVELOPMENT
[x] Create the React project
[x] Install dependencies like axios and tailwind
[X] Design booking form
[X] Display existing appointments
[x] Connect frontend and backend
[x] Calendar and Booking System/ friendly UI
[] Style the application
[] Test and refine

### BOOKING FORM / PAGE
I was working on the Booking form. 
[x] Post request working.
[x] Fix client address input.
[X] Fix the available days.
[x] The calendar and the time selection should be better displayed.
[] Connect the available dates with the db (HARD) (+10h)

### HOME PAGE
[x]Hero
[x]Treatment section
[x]About section
[x]Contact section
[] Style the sections (5-7 hours)





---------------

### MVP
[x] All sections with informations on the HomePage. 
[x] Booking Form Post Request.
[] Admin Page with a private Page where I can see the list of appointments with all the information. (3h)

-Bonus
[] Improve the Form component so the available dates read in the db with the already created appointments.(+10h)




### REFERENCES
https://www.remedymassage.com/

https://colorlib.com/wp/massage-websites-design/

Commit message:

Form connects with the server and creates validation steps.

booking-frontend/README.md, after:

Friday: 
The form can successfully create a post request to the server. 
Next steps, finishing the styling of the page.

Well done! Keep it up :)

### NOTES FOR DEVELOPMENT
[x] Create the React project
[x] Install dependencies like axios and tailwind
[X] Design booking form
[X] Display existing appointments
[x] Connect frontend and backend
[x] Calendar and Booking System/ friendly UI
[] Style the application
[] Test and refine

### BOOKING FORM / PAGE
I was working on the Booking form. 
[x] Post request working.
[x] Fix client address input.
[X] Fix the available days.
[x] The calendar and the time selection should be better displayed.

[] Connect the available dates with the db (HARD) (+10h)

### HOME PAGE
[x]Hero
[x]Treatment section
[x]About section
[x]Contact section
[] Style the sections (5-7 hours)





---------------

### MVP
[x] All sections with informations on the HomePage. 
[x] Booking Form Post Request.
[] Admin Page with a private Page where I can see the list of appointments with all the information. (3h)

-Bonus
[] Improve the Form component so the available dates read in the db with the already created appointments.(+10h)




### REFERENCES
https://www.remedymassage.com/

https://colorlib.com/wp/massage-websites-design/
